Your task is to build a simple REST API using Spring Boot Framework and PostgreSQL.

## API TASK

Implement a transaction API for enabling fund transfer between users.

## SUBTASK 1: Database Design

- You will use PostgreSQL as your choice of database for this assignment.
- Create sql scripts for database creation. It should be possible to setup the db with a single terminal command.
- Load a `users` table from spec/users.json with a load script. You can use any language for this (python, js, raw sql, shell, etc) but it must be automated.
- The `transactions` table should have valid {senderId, receiverId}. Both these values should belong to a valid users. Bonus points if you use foreign keys!

### SUBTASK 2: Retrieve a transaction

`GET: /api/transactions/<transactionId>`

- Returns transaction information for a given transaction Id. Check `spec/transaction.json` for the transaction format.

### SUBTASK 3: Retrieve all transactions

`GET: /api/transactions/`

- Returns all transactions [list of spec/transaction.json]

### SUBTASK 4: Create a new transaction

`POST: /api/transactions/`

- Creates a new transaction.
- Payload will contain `{senderId, receiverId, amount, details}`.
- Transaction Id will be autogenerated on backend - **should be uuid!**.
- Validate the transaction to check if balance is sufficient in sender's account.
- Store the transaction in the database.

## SUBTASK 5: Reverse a transaction

`DELETE: /api/transactions/<transactionId>`

- Reverses a transaction and restores the senders and receivers balance accordingly.

## Notes

- You will be evaluated on basis of code quality - namely code structure, variable and function names, separation of responsibilities between classes. (Check SOLID principles in references)
- Design your database schemas with appropriate data types and keep in mind that queries should be easy to write.
- Feel free to make any assumptions if you feel we have not mentioned something but make sure you inform us about them during the time of submission.

## Submission

- Create a Github repository for this task and name it - `yourfirstname_neowise_se_assignment`.
- Add [Abhay Nadkarni (anad97)](https://github.com/anad97) as contributor to your github repository so that the assignment can be reviewed.
- Include this README in your repository and add an additional section describing the steps requried to run the code.
- Each change should be submitted in the form of well labelled commits.
- Make sure the PostgreSQL db is in the repository before submitting.

References:

- https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot
- https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring-boot/connect-to-postgresql-database-examples
- https://www.digitalocean.com/community/conceptual_articles/s-o-l-i-d-the-first-five-principles-of-object-oriented-design

* * *

## Steps to Install

### Load Script

- Install `psycopg2` using:
    ```
    pip install psycopg2
    ```
- Run the python script to load the users.json to PostgreSQL database server
    ```
    python script.py <your username> <your password> <hostname> <portname>
    ```
  Here `hostname` and `portname` are **optional** and can be omitted:
    ```
    python script.py <your username> <your password>
    ```

### Application Properties

- Navigate to `application.properties` in the `resources` folder
- Change the default username and password to your own PostgreSQL server's username and password:
    ```
    spring.datasource.username=yourusername
    spring.datasource.password=yourpassword
    ```
- If your host and port are different from defaults, change the JDBC url.\

From:
```
  spring.datasource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/neowise
```

To:

```
  spring.datasource.url=jdbc:postgresql://<your host>:<your port>/neowise
```
***

### ___All set! Now run the Spring Boot Application!___